The End
I'd like to tell you about a woman I hate.
Good day, sir.
It's not good to leave the house in this cold.
There are many men in the house.
I feel sorry for her.
Go on.
Light the candle.
Do you know what I'm asking?
Is it better to light it?
Who told you to light the candle?
No, you light it.
Then light the candle in the candle.
Light the candle in the head.
Can you say something nice?
You're wrong.
I was quiet because I had a guest.
I'll light the cigarette.
If you light the cigarette, it will burn.
I'll light the cigarette in the cigarette.
Don't be stupid.
I'll take the clothes.
It's not yours.
It's mine.
Go on.
Thank you.
Good day.
It's cold.
It's not good to go to a cold night.
What are you saying?
Light the candle.
Good evening.
Are you asleep?
Wake up.
You're not sleeping.
The rice beater is here.
Don't say anything.
Good evening.
What are you doing here?
You came out of the house.
Did you fight with your wife?
No, I didn't fight.
I'm going to sleep with you tonight.
I have a man's hand.
You're alone.
It's cold.
It's not good to sleep with a man.
I came out of the house.
Did your wife say that?
Yes.
Thank you.
You're crying.
If you're a woman, you shouldn't fight.
You're crying because you're being punished.
I have a favor to ask you.
What is it?
Good evening.
Are you sleeping?
No, I'm not sleeping.
I don't want to be laughed at by others.